Yoyo be good
Don't be noisy, just sit here
Mom will be back to see you soon.
Yoyo, don't run around
Hello everyone, I'm the new president's secretary, Linsa
Invite everyone to coffee
Here you go.
You are welcome. Thank you, Secretary Li
Come for coffee thank you
Hey, you are the president's code director, right?
I'm really sorry.
The child is not feeling well today.
Little Toban is also closed
I took the child to the company
Thank you.
Hey
Women are troublesome children and want to take care of children at home
What class do you work on?
Information handed to me by Director Ma this morning
I've sorted it out and sent it to you.
Although I bring my children to the company
But it didn't affect my work.
It's my director who has the final say if you don't affect your work
It's not your turn to talk here
It's not your turn to tell my people what to do
That's him!